8000001

animation_name player_stand
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 5
animation_will_loop 1

8000002

animation_name player_move
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 1

8000003

animation_name AbyssBansheeAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 0

8000004

animation_name AbyssBansheeStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 6
animation_will_loop 1

8000005

animation_name AbyssGuardianAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 10
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 0

8000006

animation_name AbyssGuardianStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 10
animation_end_cnt 4
animation_will_loop 1

8000007

animation_name Bat_RedAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 0

8000008

animation_name Bat_RedStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 6
animation_will_loop 1

8000009

animation_name BigWhiteSkelMove
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 6
animation_will_loop 1

8000010

animation_name BigWhiteSkelAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 5
animation_end_cnt 12
animation_will_loop 0

8000011

animation_name BigWhiteSkelStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 6
animation_will_loop 1

8000012

animation_name DevilChurchArcherMove
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 3
animation_will_loop 1

8000013

animation_name DevilChurchArcherAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 6
animation_end_cnt 13
animation_will_loop 0

8000014

animation_name DevilChurchArcherStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 3
animation_will_loop 1

8000015

animation_name DevilChurchKnightMove
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 1

8000016

animation_name DevilChurchKnightAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 5
animation_end_cnt 12
animation_will_loop 0

8000017

animation_name DevilChurchKnightStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 1

8000018

animation_name GiantBatAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 0

8000019

animation_name GiantBatStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 6
animation_end_cnt 7
animation_will_loop 1

8000020

animation_name HellHoundMove
animation_frame_per_cnt 5
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 1

8000021

animation_name HellHoundAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 5
animation_end_cnt 7
animation_will_loop 0

8000022

animation_name HellHoundStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 5
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 1

8000023

animation_name LizadManCenturionMove
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 8
animation_will_loop 1

8000024

animation_name LizadManCenturionAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 12
animation_will_loop 0

8000025

animation_name LizadManCenturionStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 8
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 1

8000026

animation_name LizadManScoutMove
animation_frame_per_cnt 6
animation_end_cnt 6
animation_will_loop 1

8000027

animation_name LizadManScoutAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 6
animation_end_cnt 12
animation_will_loop 0

8000028

animation_name LizadManScoutStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 6
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 1

8000029

animation_name MinotaursAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 6
animation_end_cnt 7
animation_will_loop 0

8000030

animation_name MinotaursStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 10
animation_end_cnt 6
animation_will_loop 1

8000031

animation_name WyvernAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 7
animation_end_cnt 20
animation_will_loop 0

8000032

animation_name WyvernStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 7
animation_end_cnt 9
animation_will_loop 1

8000033

animation_name RustyGreatSwordAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 2
animation_end_cnt 15
animation_will_loop 0

8000034

animation_name SwordMissile
animation_frame_per_cnt 10
animation_end_cnt 1
animation_will_loop 1

8000035

animation_name Dust
animation_frame_per_cnt 2
animation_end_cnt 5
animation_will_loop 0

8000036

animation_name BansheeBullet
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 4
animation_will_loop 1

8000037

animation_name SkellBossAttack
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 0

8000038

animation_name SkellBossStand
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 1

8000039

animation_name SkellBossBullet
animation_frame_per_cnt 4
animation_end_cnt 10
animation_will_loop 1

8000040

animation_name
animation_frame_per_cnt
animation_end_cnt
animation_will_loop

animation_name
animation_frame_per_cnt
animation_end_cnt
animation_will_loop